David a work very early on his last day at the island from the
holiday cottage,
he could see the fishing boats leaving for their day's work.
David had some early morning visitors.
They were horses which lived on the island,
wild horses free to roam wherever they like,
from the steep galleys down the bush tracks to the sandy beaches.
A family of horses had come in search of breakfast,
and david didn't disappoint them.
He found a few carrots in the kitchen.
David,
having lived near the city all his life,
wasn't very experienced.
It feeding horses.
He wasn't quite sure that he could trust the horses,
not to nibble his fingers along with the carrot.
Before you used it.
Long,
flexible lips like fingers and a thumb gently take the character from
david.
The horses would've stayed to eat carrots all morning,
but david and promise to meet kip at the beach very early and he didn't want to keep the elf
waiting.
There was no sign of tip of the beach,
and as david waited,
he blew up his new beach ball.
Kip had really seen the beach long before david,
and he thought of a trick while he was waiting.
He hid behind a rock and watched until david had blown the ball as far as it would
go pending.
It's about time you turned up.
I've been waiting for hours behind that rock.
David told him about stopping to feed the wild horses,
but now i think i'll have a swim in the sea.
You're coming into.
Kip said he didn't think he liked water very much being a pushover.
You thought it wait on the rock until david came out.
David was careful not to venture away from the shallows and when kipps or
what a wonderful time he was having couldn't resist paddling at the water's edge
himself,
although he did keep his shoes on.
David had plans to build a magnificent sandcastle,
and kip thought that he had tried his hand at castle making,
too.
The elf didn't often venture away from the grove of banks years and pen dennis palms,
where he had made his home,
but he found himself quite enjoying these days at the beach with david.
David wanted to make his castle big enough,
but kept climbing.
He broke the sand up around his hand and then took it out to live a hollow inside.
The beach.
Spade was just the right size the kid.
David duggan note round his castle and kept patting the loose sand
firm on hiss.
Put a shell on top.
And hollowed out a doorway at the front.
David.
It's morning.
He strengthen his castle with fortresses and made it stick so that kid
could climb into it.
They needed some little trees to plant around david's castle,
and these pieces of casuarina were just the thing.
Green seaweed in the moat was a good idea.
It made the castle stand out from the rest of the sand.
Kept decorated the walls with a pattern of tones from casuarina trees and
david filled in the spaces with shell.
Now it was finished and ready for kids.
He gingerly climbed up the sand steps and into the castle.
David laughed and called him his regal majesty kip king of the
castle.
Kip said he wouldn't feel very regal if it started to rain as the castle had no roof.
After all this castle building,
the two felt like some exercise.
So they run around the beach,
the sand you
the dunes,
received the force of the ocean winds and act as a windbreak for the bush
land growing behind them.
They made huge,
natural,
slippery dip,
and keeping david spent the rest of the day sliding on them.
Climbing up again wasn't so easy.
David noticed that grasses and creepers grew in the set.
They hold the sand together in windy with.
The two friends parted at kips pen dennis treehouse.
David explained that his holiday was over and that he had to return home.
It made,
kip said,
to think of parting with his friend.
But he cheered up a little when david promised to visit the island whenever he could.
David had walked only a little way up the track when he suddenly had an idea,
a very good idea.
He ran back to tell kip,
why don't you come home with me?
He asked.
You can have a holiday at my house.
Kip thought about this carefully and then that's a wonderful
idea.
He said,
come on,
let's go.
David didn't want kids to be seen on the way home from the island,
so he planned to hide him in his day.
It was a tight squeeze,
but he managed to shut the lid.
David struggled to put the heavy bag on as he hunted to catch the boat.
Goodbye,
kitt.
Goodbye.
Kitt called a bird from the bank.
See a tree?
Kept wave to all his island friend.
He could hardly keep still in the bag.
He felt so excited at the thought of indenture zaheer.